if you are going to the forest warn about
this relatives try not to go
into the forest alone before you go make sure
what's a cell phone battery
fully charged take water with you
knife matches a watch and a first aid kit to you
it was easier to find among the bushes and
trees wear bright clothes better
total with reflective elements
always remember which side of the world
you entered the forest and where at this moment
there was sun in the forest
keep to proven routes in
unfamiliar forest walk along the paths
be sure to leave traces behind you
nicks or chalk marks on the trunks
of trees
broken branches of a piece of clothing if
got lost
put your ear to the ground and listen
noise of cars knocking an ax shots of barking dogs
voices all these sounds can lead you
to people as well as power lines
secondly try and get to the water
hold on to rivers or streams, walk along
them downstream
there are more chances to find a path
leading to a settlement
nature itself will tell you where to go
tree bark in the north side as
the rule is rougher
and the trunks and stones and stumps are more abundant
covered with lichen moss and mushrooms
but anthills and coniferous will point to the south
resin
if you have not found the way home to
darkness
collect dry branches and build one
shelter like a hut and litter from
scrap materials
sheet of paper tucked under the clothes
reduce the heat transfer together the same
effect gives and foliage stuffed under clothes
do not eat strangers
plants and mushrooms they can be
poisonous when organizing overnight take care
so that people looking for you do not pass by
hang a handkerchief on a bush and cap
or a piece of paper break off these branches to
attract attention if someone is missing
friends or relatives call
rescuers call 101
professionals organize searches for us
yeah more effective even if you
sure you know the forest well
follow these simple rules